Add "technology stack" page for dapps developers (#963)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/developers/dapps/technology-stack.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# dApp Technology Stack

> There are 3 layers to building a decentralized application that interacts with the Casper Network: Front-end, backend, and blockchain. This document outlines lists the requirements for each.

Reviewer: Just a few more suggestions:
- Match the spelling of _back-end_ with _front-end_ in the entire document.
- Search for places where you capitalize _Network_, and use _network_

> There are 3 layers to building a decentralized application that interacts with the Casper Network: Front-end, backend, and blockchain. This document outlines lists the requirements for each.

Reviewer 2: @ipopescu I implemented your first suggestion, but in development, backend and front-end are typically spelled as such.

## Front-end

The front-end, or "client-side" of a dApp consists of the interface that the user uses to interact with the smart contracts on the Casper Network. This interface usually comes in the form of a website/webpage, mobile device application, or computer program, but could also include APIs with callable/queryable endpoints.

> You will need to choose a Casper-compatible SDK for the language you are using to call and query smart contracts on the Network. Casper's SDKs have methods available for constructing deployments and gathering state data. While these interactions can be prepared on the front-end, they must be sent to the backend of your application before being sent off to the Network, so as to fulfill [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) requirements.

Reviewer: I think this is a little more accurate: "You will need to choose a _compliant Casper JSON-RPC SDK_..."

> You will need to choose a Casper-compatible SDK for the language you are using to call and query smart contracts on the Network. Casper's SDKs have methods available for constructing deployments and gathering state data. While these interactions can be prepared on the front-end, they must be sent to the backend of your application before being sent off to the Network, so as to fulfill [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) requirements.

Reviewer: Add a cross-link to the Casper JSON-RPC SDK topic or GitHub repo.

### Signing Transactions

> The signing of transactions will in many cases need to be performed by the user on the front-end, for which you may implement one or more of a few different options:

Reviewer: We could be more general: "The signing of transactions will, in many cases, need to be performed by the user on the front-end, for which you have a few options:"
See my next comment to remove option 3.

1. The Casper Signer

>    The Casper JS SDK has a class `Signer` that, when implemented, allows a user to sign transactions using the Casper Signer browser extension. Deploy objects are first converted to JSON, then sent to the Signer to be signed, then must be sent to the backend for deployment to a node.

Reviewer: Add a cross-link to the Casper JS SDK topic or GitHub repo.

2. Third-party signers

   Third-party signers may be used as well. A JSON representation of the unsigned transaction should be forwarded to the third-party signer and accept a callback containing the signed deploy object.

3. Pasted private key (not recommended)

>    It is also possible to allow a user to paste/type in their private key to be used to sign the transaction. This is not recommended for security reasons.

Reviewer: If this is not recommended, let's not include it please.

Reviewer 2: @ipopescu While this is indeed not recommended, it may still be useful if an individual is building a dApp for themself or for an immediate group of friends/colleagues. I can remove it, just want to recheck.

Reviewer: I would still remove it. People can always do this, but I would leave it out of the formal docs.
We can get a second opinion from @ACStoneCL or @darthsiroftardis.

### Querying the Blockchain State

To execute a blockchain state query, like retreiving smart contract data or getting current chain information, the preparation may be done on the front-end, but the query to a node must ultimately originate from your application's backend. This preparatory stage comes only in the form of defining a contract hash and the path which you'd like to query data, or for chain information, the endpoint you'd like to query.

## Backend

> The backend of a dApp consists of the server-side code that connects the blockchain to the front-end interface, and deals with data-parsing and app-layer communication. A backend server is necessary for building dApps on Casper as Casper's nodes expect [CORS headers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) from a specified origin on HTTP requests they receive. Backend servers are helpful for other reasons too, such as queueing requests and analyzing the traffic moving between your dApp and the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backend of a dApp consists of the server-side code that connects the blockchain to the front-end interface and deals with data-parsing and application-layer communication. A backend server is necessary for building dApps on Casper as Casper's nodes expect [CORS headers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) from a specified origin on the HTTP requests they receive. Backend servers are helpful for other reasons, such as queueing requests and analyzing traffic between your dApp and the blockchain.
```

As the backend (server) of a dApp is the software communicating with Casper nodes, and therefore the blockchain, it is what needs to be given information such as which node to connect to, and which endpoints to communicate with.

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="js" label="JavaScript">

```javascript
const client = new CasperClient("http://NODE_ADDRESS:7777/rpc");
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="py" label="Python">

```javascript
client = NodeClient(NodeConnection(host = "NODE_ADDRESS", port_rpc = 7777))
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

> *Note: You can find online peers for mainnet at [cspr.live](https://cspr.live) or testnet at [testnet.cspr.live](https://testnet.cspr.live)*

Reviewer: We usually format notes this way, and capitalize Mainnet and Testnet. Also note the period.
```suggestion
**Note**: You can find online peers for Mainnet at [cspr.live](https://cspr.live) or Testnet at [testnet.cspr.live](https://testnet.cspr.live).
```

Reviewer 2: @ipopescu Replaced italics not with boldening but with :::tip window

> There are two main types of queries that will be sent from the backend to the blockchain, transactions and queries. In the case of a dApp, these will both originate from the front-end.

Reviewer: What about this? 
There are two main types of blockchain interactions that will originate from the front-end: deploys and queries. In the case of a dApp, both of these will pass through the back-end.

> Blockchain interaction for state queries is handled solely on the backend, where on the front-end, a user simply chooses the path at which they want to query data. This path is sent to the backend where the server will perform the state query and send the result back to the front-end.

Reviewer: Some example queries would be nice here.

> Blockchain interaction for state queries is handled solely on the backend, where on the front-end, a user simply chooses the path at which they want to query data. This path is sent to the backend where the server will perform the state query and send the result back to the front-end.

Reviewer 2: @ipopescu This is a good idea, but may be a bit repetitive. Instead I suggest that we point to a section describing sending queries from the backend. Currently in the process of implementing this into a "Backend stack"-like document.

> Blockchain interaction for state queries is handled solely on the backend, where on the front-end, a user simply chooses the path at which they want to query data. This path is sent to the backend where the server will perform the state query and send the result back to the front-end.

Reviewer: Sounds good!

> In the case of a user-signed transaction originating from the dApp's front-end, the backend will need to accept this transaction and forward it to the Casper Network. This is often accomplished by opening a POST endpoint that accepts JSON formatted transactions and forwards them along.

Reviewer: An example would be nice here.

> In the case of a user-signed transaction originating from the dApp's front-end, the backend will need to accept this transaction and forward it to the Casper Network. This is often accomplished by opening a POST endpoint that accepts JSON formatted transactions and forwards them along.

Reviewer 2: @ipopescu Same as previous suggestion.

## Blockchain

> The last stop for a transaction or query is the blockchain itself. Like the majority of smart contract blockchains, the Casper Network maintains a forever-growing, immutable ledger that can be read and written to. When building a dApp for the Casper Network, user interactions in the form of queries and transactions originate from the front-end, are forwarded to the backend, and are then sent to a Casper node for interaction with the blockchain. Casper nodes can be communicated with via JSON RPC calls, and have a variety of open [transactional](../json-rpc/json-rpc-transactional.md), [informational](../json-rpc/json-rpc-informational.md), and [Proof-of-Stake](../json-rpc/json-rpc-pos.md) endpoints. By utilizing an SDK on the backend, you won't need to construct these JSON RPC calls yourself, they'll be done for you within the available methods.

Reviewer: Note that we try to avoid the use of "transaction". Use deploy wherever possible.

> The last stop for a transaction or query is the blockchain itself. Like the majority of smart contract blockchains, the Casper Network maintains a forever-growing, immutable ledger that can be read and written to. When building a dApp for the Casper Network, user interactions in the form of queries and transactions originate from the front-end, are forwarded to the backend, and are then sent to a Casper node for interaction with the blockchain. Casper nodes can be communicated with via JSON RPC calls, and have a variety of open [transactional](../json-rpc/json-rpc-transactional.md), [informational](../json-rpc/json-rpc-informational.md), and [Proof-of-Stake](../json-rpc/json-rpc-pos.md) endpoints. By utilizing an SDK on the backend, you won't need to construct these JSON RPC calls yourself, they'll be done for you within the available methods.

Reviewer: @ACStoneCL I think there is a little glitch in the suggestion. See "Casper Networks maintainsa"

> The last stop for a transaction or query is the blockchain itself. Like the majority of smart contract blockchains, the Casper Network maintains a forever-growing, immutable ledger that can be read and written to. When building a dApp for the Casper Network, user interactions in the form of queries and transactions originate from the front-end, are forwarded to the backend, and are then sent to a Casper node for interaction with the blockchain. Casper nodes can be communicated with via JSON RPC calls, and have a variety of open [transactional](../json-rpc/json-rpc-transactional.md), [informational](../json-rpc/json-rpc-informational.md), and [Proof-of-Stake](../json-rpc/json-rpc-pos.md) endpoints. By utilizing an SDK on the backend, you won't need to construct these JSON RPC calls yourself, they'll be done for you within the available methods.

Reviewer: @dylanireland try to reword this: "Casper nodes can be communicated with via JSON RPC calls"... into active voice.
Nice paragraph!

> The last stop for a transaction or query is the blockchain itself. Like the majority of smart contract blockchains, the Casper Network maintains a forever-growing, immutable ledger that can be read and written to. When building a dApp for the Casper Network, user interactions in the form of queries and transactions originate from the front-end, are forwarded to the backend, and are then sent to a Casper node for interaction with the blockchain. Casper nodes can be communicated with via JSON RPC calls, and have a variety of open [transactional](../json-rpc/json-rpc-transactional.md), [informational](../json-rpc/json-rpc-informational.md), and [Proof-of-Stake](../json-rpc/json-rpc-pos.md) endpoints. By utilizing an SDK on the backend, you won't need to construct these JSON RPC calls yourself, they'll be done for you within the available methods.

Reviewer 3: Good catch @ipopescu ! I fixed the suggestion.
